Extend backward_ros documentation (#753)
ros-navigation/docs.nav2.org: tutorials/docs/get_backtrace.rst

  [planner_server-13]         637:   auto msg = std::make_unique<nav_msgs::msg::Path>(path);
  [planner_server-13]         638:   RCLCPP_WARN(get_logger(), "Publishing plan with %zu poses", path.poses.size());
  [planner_server-13]         639:   plan_publisher_.reset();
  [planner_server-13]       > 640:   if (plan_publisher_->is_activated() && plan_publisher_->get_subscription_count() > 0) {
  [planner_server-13]         641:     plan_publisher_->publish(std::move(msg));
  [planner_server-13]         642:   }
  [planner_server-13]         643: }
  [planner_server-13] #0    Object "/opt/ros/rolling/lib/librclcpp_lifecycle.so", at 0x795ea80f1f94, in rclcpp_lifecycle::SimpleManagedEntity::is_activated() const
  [planner_server-13] Segmentation fault (Address not mapped to object [0x8])
  [ERROR] [planner_server-13]: process has died [pid 172784, exit code -11, cmd '/opt/overlay_ws/src/navigation2/install/nav2_planner/lib/nav2_planner/planner_server --ros-args --log-level info --ros-args -r __node:=planner_server -r __ns:=/ -p use_sim_time:=True --params-file /tmp/launch_params_px13xl6j -r /tf:=tf -r /tf_static:=tf_static'].

> If you want to enable automatic backtraces in your own packages, just add it as a dependency and find_package it in your CMakeLists and the backward libraries will be injected in all your executables and libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable automatic backtraces in your own packages, just add ``backward_ros`` as a dependency and ``find_package`` in your CMakeLists, then the backward libraries will be injected in all your executables and libraries.
```

> **Note:** Currently, backward_ros does not work with ComposedNodes due to missing support in rclcpp. Until this `issue <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/issues/2396>`_ is resolved, launching the navigation2  stack with composition disabled (e.g. with a `use_composition:=False` launch argument) is required to get automatic backtraces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Currently, backward_ros does not work with ComposedNodes due to missing support in rclcpp. Until this `issue <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/issues/2396>`_ is resolved, launching the Nav2  stack with composition disabled (e.g. with a `use_composition:=False` launch argument) is required to get automatic backtraces.
```
